Feat: Partials support for Konnect (#2527)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_gateway_entities/partial.md

{{site.base_gateway}} supports the following types of Partials, `redis-ce` and `redis-ee`. `redis-ce` has a shorter and simpler configuration, whereas `redis-ee` provides options for configuring Redis Sentinel or Redis Cluster connections. Each plugin that supports Partials only supports one of these types.

{:.info}

> > In {{site.konnect_short_name}}, Partials are only supported for bundled {{site.konnect_short_name}} plugins, as {{site.konnect_short_name}} doesn't support custom plugins with custom DAOs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In {{site.konnect_short_name}}, Partials are only supported for bundled {{site.konnect_short_name}} plugins. Custom plugins don't support Partials.
```
Something like this. Fero clarified that this wasn't due to DAOs but an unspecified Konnect platform limitation.
